Release 5.0.2.1 (#35)
manticoresoftware/manticoresearch-helm: charts/manticoresearch/CHANGELOG.md

### 5.0.21

> Here no major changes. Only automatically adding content from CHANGELOG.md to the Release description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No changes. Just automation of `CHANGELOG.md` propagation to the github Release description
```
